docs: add heads up for Prettier users (#9471)
facebook/docusaurus: website/docs/migration/v3.mdx

:::

### Formatters

Prettier, the most common formatter, supports only the legacy MDX v1, not v3 yet as of Docusaurus v3.0.0. You can add `{/* prettier-ignore */}` before the incompatible parts of your code to make it work with Prettier.

```mdx
{/* prettier-ignore */}
<SomeComponent>Some long text in the component</SomeComponent>
```

> If you get tired of too many `{/* prettier-ignore */}` insertions, you can consider disabling MDX formatting by Prettier by creating the following `.prettierignore` in the project root until it starts supporting MDX v2:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get tired of too many `{/* prettier-ignore */}` insertions, you can consider disabling MDX formatting by Prettier by adding the following to your `.prettierignore`, until it starts supporting MDX v3:
```
